hello it's Ruby and I apologize for the
poor quality of this introduction but
I'm filming my computer since I forgot
to film on earlier today's video is a
very exciting video because it is a
collaboration with one of my really good
friends Margo we are both doing a
Hermione Granger muggle Goblet of Fire
hair makeup and outfit kind of lookbook
so please be sure to watch Margo's video
after you've watched mine it will be in
the description box below so I started
by pinning back my fringe because you
can't really do anything with this in
the way and Hawaii doesn't have a
fringing for film so I put some lip balm
on and then some clear mascara but you
could also use black mascara because her
eyelashes are quite dark I don't know
what this is called but I made my
eyebrows darker because of course her my
knees are extremely dark and then I use
some concealer just because her my knees
got very clear skin
lastly I used a lip stain pan because
Hermione's lips are quite dark regarding
ham I slept with my hair and Platts so
that it would be quite wavy if you do
this your hair will have greater volume
when it is curled so I used my baby list
color to curl my hair so I first will
brushed it once it was completely cold
I used a hair clip to pin back my fringe
besides the whole point of the
tournament is International magical
cooperation to make friends where've you
been
never mind off to bed both of you shut
up wrong one
you've ruined everything we well spotted
it may interest you to know but novels
about already got somebody not an oh
it's not going to work you see this this
is an age so a genius McDonald
couldn't possibly fault where something
is fantastic in watches and aging on
stream get dressed